= Disclaimer

A tool for adding disclaimers to applications.

== Installation

To use this engine:

=== Gemfile

Add the following to your Gemfile

    gem 'disclaimer'

=== Migrations

To add disclaimer's migrations to the host apps' migrations, run this command:

    rake disclaimer:install:migrations

=== Routing

Update config/routes.rb by adding:

    mount Disclaimer::Engine => "/disclaimer"

See test/dummy/config/routes.rb

== Usage

First create a disclaimer document (see below) and give it a name. (The name is 
in underscore form: like_this).

Then in your application controller, define the disclaimer you wish to use with 
'disclaimer(:document_name)'.

So for example, you have a disclaimer document with the name :our_company_disclaimer 
and you want to make sure that everyone who visits your products controller has 
accepted this disclaimer. Modify the controller like this:

    class ProductsController < ApplicationController

      disclaimer :our_company_disclaimer


      .....(rest of controller)....

    end

Then when a user navigates to the products controller, they will be redirected 
to the disclaimer document at:

  /disclaimer/documents/our_company_disclaimer

If they accept the disclaimer, they will be redirected back to the page they were 
originally aiming for.

The acceptance is stored in session and therefore will be remembered for as long 
as the browser is open.

=== Options

A before_filter is used to provide this functionality, and you can pass 
before_filter options through from the disclaimer declaration. Therefore, to 
only display a disclaimer for the index and show actions in a controller
use:

     disclaimer :our_company_disclaimer, :only => [:index, :show]

== Documents and Segments

Each disclaimer consists of a Disclaimer::Document, and this document can have
many Segments. Segments can be shared across many documents. 

== Controller CRUD actions

By default, documents#show (GET) and documents#accept (POST) are the only acceptable 
disclaimer actions.

If you wish to enable all the CRUD actions available in the documents and segments
controllers, set Disclaimer.enable_crud! in an initializer. For example, see
test/dummy/config/initializers/disclaimer.rb

With CRUD actions enabled documents can be managed at /disclaimer/documents, and 
Segments at /disclaimer/segments. If you wish to modify the controller behaviour 
(for example by adding access control), copy disclaimer's app/disclaimer/controllers 
to the same location in your application, and modify these copies. The versions 
in your application will take precedence over those in disclaimer.

== Into production

I would recommend using seeding to generate your initial disclaimer documents, 
or you could create a custom rake task to do this for you. Alternatively use 
the option used in test/dummy:

    disclaimer Disclaimer::Document.first.name.to_sym

This will display the first disclaimer document in your database.